This service is managed by Information Services.  It holds information
which may be useful to system managers and space is provided for
individuals and groups upon request.  Upload facilities are also
available.  Anyone can make use of this service. 

The files called ls-lR and index are a list of all the files that are
available from this server.  ls-lR.Z is a compressed version of this
file.

Files available on the archive are to be found in the 'pub' directory.

Upload facilities for file sharing
----------------------------------

The directory 'incoming' is a place where files may be stored.  This
directory is provided as a resource for communicating files between
University of Edinburgh users and others; it is not a free Internet
resource.  If you put files here then please send mail to the FTP server
maintainer (ftpmaster@ed.ac.uk) explaining what should be done with
them.  If notification is not received, the files will be removed.  This
directory is not readable so once files are placed here you will not be
able to see them.  You should also contact the person who you are
passing the files to and provide them with the server name and names of
all the files e.g.:

		ftp://ftp.ed.ac.uk/incoming/myfile.txt

To retrieve files, the exact filename and path should be used e.g.:

		ftp://ftp.ed.ac.uk/incoming/myfile.txt

The directory 'edupload' may be used by anyone connected to the
University network to upload files in the same manner as above. 
However, no mail notification needs to be sent to the FTP server
maintainer and files will remain in the directory for one week.  Please
do NOT upload files to both this and the incoming directory - choose one
or the other. 

Anyone may download files from /incoming or /edupload if they know the
name of the file that is stored there. 

How to upload a file to the server
----------------------------------
        
It is best to use a command line ftp program.  Windows, Mac and Linux
systems all provide a command line ftp client.  Open a command or
terminal window and then type:

        ftp ftp.ed.ac.uk

Login using the username 'anonymous' and use your email address as password.

Next change your current working directory to either the incoming
directory or the edupload directory (be aware that edupload can only be
accessed from the University network). 

        cd /incoming

Next upload your file(s) using the put command:

        put myfile.txt

Your file will then be loaded on the ftp server.  You will not be able
to get a file listing of it though as the directory is protected. 


FTP Server Maintainer (email: ftpmaster@ed.ac.uk)
24th September 2010

